---
title:  "Summary - 2021 SANS Holiday Hack Challenge"
date:   "2022-01-05 00:14:00 -0800"
categories: HolidayHack2021
header:
 teaser: /assets/images/HolidayHack2021/kringlecon_2021_pic.jpg
---

This year I completed the [SANS Holiday Hack Challenge](https://2021.kringlecon.com/invite). I'll admit that it took a lot more time and looking through the [Discord](https://discord.gg/Wbmx92rWW3) than it likely took for some of the more seasoned veterans, but I did make it through all of the objectives in time to submit a write-up. I've posted all of my notes here as a guide so that anyone who gets stuck trying out the challenge for themselves doesn't have to spend hours running down dead ends like I did.

Despite the fact that my wall might have a few more head-shaped dents in it than before, I really did enjoy the challenge and perservering through the obstacles I faced was very rewarding. A huge thank you goes out to SANS and the entire team for putting on this event every year and making it free for the entire community!

*__Note:__ I did skip a few of the terminal challenges in spots where I felt comfortable attempting the associated objective without the extra hints, so there are a few missing from the list below. That said, they're not critical for completing the objectives, so anyone following along should be able to complete the challenge anyways.* 

## Objectives
- [Objective 1: KringleCon Orientation](/holidayhack2021/Objective-1/)
- [Objective 2: Where in the World is Caramel Santaigo?](/holidayhack2021/Objective-2/)
- [Objective 3: Thaw Frost Tower's Entrance](/holidayhack2021/Objective-3/)
- [Objective 4: Slot Machine Investigation](/holidayhack2021/Objective-4/)
- [Objective 5: Strange USB Device](/holidayhack2021/Objective-5/)
- [Objective 6: Shellcode Primer](/holidayhack2021/Objective-6/)
- [Objective 7: Printer Exploitation](/holidayhack2021/Objective-7/)
- [Objective 8: Kerberoasting on an Open Fire](/holidayhack2021/Objective-8/)
- [Objective 9: Splunk!](/holidayhack2021/Objective-9/)
- [Objective 10: Now Hiring!](/holidayhack2021/Objective-10/)
- [Objective 11: Customer Complaint Analysis](/holidayhack2021/Objective-11/)
- [Objective 12: Frost Tower Website Checkup](/holidayhack2021/Objective-12/)
- [Objective 13: FPGA Programming](/holidayhack2021/Objective-13/)

## Terminal Challenges
- [Document Analysis](/holidayhack2021/Document-Analysis-Challenge/)
- [Frostavator](/holidayhack2021/Frostavator-Challenge/)
- [Grepping for Gold](/holidayhack2021/Grepping-For-Gold-Challenge/)
- [Hoho ... No](/holidayhack2021/HoHo-No-Challenge/)
- [Holiday Hero](/holidayhack2021/Holiday-Hero-Challenge/)
- [IMDS Exploration Challenge](/holidayhack2021/IMDS-Exploration-Challenge/)
- [IPv6 Sandbox](/holidayhack2021/IPv6-Sandbox-Challenge/)
- [Logic Chompers](/holidayhack2021/Logic-Chompers-Challenge/)
- [The Elf Code](/holidayhack2021/Elf-Code-Challenge/)